a first version of the biography (#377)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: summarised_competencies.md

How we update existing institutions and set up new ones
that provide this education will be the topic of a follow-up paper.

# teachingRSE biography

> The teachingRSE project has been working on the associated biger publication in FIXME for the past two years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The teachingRSE project has been working on the associated bigger publication in FIXME for the past two years.
```
fix typo

> But how did it all start?
> There was Heidi Seibold who came up with the original idea for the deRSE23 workshop in Paderborn.

Reviewer: a little less conversational maybe
```suggestion
The project was initiated by Heidi Seibold who came up with the original idea for the deRSE23 workshop in Paderborn.
```

Heidi was joined by Jeremy Cohen, Florian Goth, Renato Alves, Jan Philipp Thiele, and Samantha Wittke to organise the initial deRSE23 workshop.

> Over the course of further workshops like the un-deRSE23 workshop in Jena, and the deRSE24 in Würzburg,

Reviewer: What about adding

In addition to the workshops the ideas were further developed  during weekly meetings led by Florian Goth.

> Over the course of further workshops like the un-deRSE23 workshop in Jena, and the deRSE24 in Würzburg,

Author: added text trying to resolve both.

the content of the paper was further refined and we are grateful to all particpants!

> Also the group gained more recognition, and the teachingRSE project is now an official working group 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group gained more recognition, and the teachingRSE project is now an official working group 
```

> in de-RSE and in the special interest group on research software of the Gesellschaft für Informatik.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the de-RSE society and the special interest group on research software of the Gesellschaft für Informatik.
```
